Yeah.
Agents
of fire
marketing
should retire.
A million blog posts,
not ones ranked.
Damn, my SEO tanked, but we
are two deals apart.
Can't reach my heart.
and sell say that I want leads to today.
Just use AI gives my getting a
heartache.
Use AI agent
mistake. Just use AI. I never want to
hear sales say
I want leads to today
agents
are fire
marketing
should retire
a million blog posts
not one's ranked
damn my SEO stank just use AI gives
gives marketing a heartache. Just use
AIT
mistake. Just use AI. I never want to
hear cell say
I want leads to today.
Now I can see pipelines falling apart
from these terrible Gmail leads. Yeah.
No matter our revenues, I want sales to
know that deep down inside of me,
these agents
are fire
marketing
should retire
a million blog posts.
Not one's ranked.
Damn, my SEO's tanked.
Gives marketing a heartache.
A genty
are mistake.
I never want to hear self say
I want leads to date. Just you say I
gives my getting a heartache.
Use AI aentic
mistake. Just use AI. I never want to
hear cell say
I want leads to today. Just use AI gives
my getting a heartache.
Just use AI. Uent the mistake. Just use
AI. I never want to hear so say
I want leads to today
cuz I want leads to today.